
        title: wiledeyes

        Main slider:
                take a virtual field trip
                watch the trailer in 360 now

        Section1:   
           
            Light weight text.
            wait, so how does it work?
            we use specialy designed cameras to capture the natural world in 360-degrees
            
            
        Section2:
                        1.
                        capture
                        nature in 360
                        Our production team will be traveling all over the country visiting one-of-a-kind natural habitats – but instead of filming a beautiful shot, we will be capturing a beautiful moment in 360-degrees.
                        subscribe to see more
                   
        Section3:
                        2.
                        download
                        using a mobile device
                        Google’s Cardboard VR headset design allows for anyone to use their mobile phone as a virtual reality viewing device. Simply open the front of the viewer, place your phone snuggly inside, and you are ready to view any VR content.
                        subscribe to get yours!
                   
        Section4:
                        3.
                        look around
                        with your wiledeyes vr headset
                        When using the VR headset the video responds to the viewer’s movements: If you look to the right, the video will move to the right – creating a unique, engaging  interaction between viewer and their environment.
                        subscribe to get yours!
                        
                        
                        
        Section5:    
                        
                    explore
                    education
                    using virtual reality to create an educational and immersive experience
                    We are working with designers, educational organizations, and teachers to produce interactive lessons that allow the viewer to see a realistic depiction of the lessons they are learning including Biology, Physics, and Earth Sciences.
            



        Section6:
                1
                    vibrant visuals 
                    We combine animated motion graphics with full 360 environments for an engaging and exciting visual experience.
                    
                2
                    stimulating sounds
                    Scientsts and conservationists have helped us incorporate realistic and immersive soundscapes to mimic the natural world.
                    
                3
                    engaging experience
                    Both the audio and visuals are created in an interactive way so that every time is a unique experience.
                    
       
       
        Section7:
                want to try?
                bring the wiledeyes project to your school or event
                sign up for our mailing list
            
            
        Section8:   
                thank you to our frinds for their support
                
        Section9: footer
            links to:
                    facebook
                    pinterest
                    twitter
                    instagram
                    youtube
                
        